strings option 5 - Use branded strings with extended prototype (#7)
algorandfoundation/puya-ts: docs/architecture-decisions/2024-05-21_primitive-bytes-and-strings.md

Having `bytes` and `str` behave like a primitive value type (value equality) whilst not _actually_ being a primitive is not strictly semantically compatible with EcmaScript however the lowercase type names (plus factory with no `new` keyword) communicates the intention of it being a primitive value type and there is an existing precedence of introducing new value types to the language in a similar pattern (`bigint` and `BigInt`). Essentially - if EcmaScript were to have a primitive bytes type, this is most likely what it would look like.

### Option 5 - Use branded strings with extended prototype

Option 2 has the developer experience that will be the most familiar to developers (coming from TypeScript or TEALScript), but suffers from semantic incompatability. In paticular, index-based functions would not work as expected (or be very expensive to implement) because EcmaScript indexes strings by characters, not bytes.

For example, `'á'[0]` would return `'á'` in EcmaScript, but would return `0xC3` in TEALScript because it gets the first byte (and this character is a two byte sequence).

> To solve this, we could extend the prototype of `string` to have byte-specific functions. For example, `.getByte(i)` instead of `[i]` and `.sliceBytes(i)` instead of `.slice(i)`. If a developer tries to use the character-based functions, the compiler can throw an error. We can also show an error in the IDE via TypeScript plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To work around this, we could extend the prototype of `string` to have byte-specific functions. For example, `.getByte(i)` instead of `[i]` and `.sliceBytes(i)` instead of `.slice(i)`. If a developer tries to use the character-based functions, the compiler can throw an error. We can also show an error in the IDE via TypeScript plugins.
```

   - ✅ very obvious what it is
   - ✅ obvious how it differs to `string`

> Option 5 would be the preferred option if we were to prioritize developer experience whereas option 4 would be best if we priotized control over the prototype.

Reviewer: > prioritize developer experience

This feels a little subjective. What aspects of the developer experience are prioritized by this option? The obvious one I can see is saving a couple of characters in declaration, but at the expense of having to explicitly type variables
```
const demo: bytes = "my bytes"
vs.
const demo = Str`my bytes`

someFunc("my bytes")
vs.
someFunc(Str`my bytes`)
```
Are there any others?

Author: I think "a couple of characters in declaration" is a bit reductive of the impact it has on the developer experience. When developers use strings they expect to be able to put literals between quotation marks. Adding any friction to that can be a bit jarring. We saw this with PyTeal `Bytes` constructor frequently. 

That being said, I agree that "developer experience" is too subjective, so I've changed it to familiarity
